UNIT FILE                              STATE
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount      static
dev-hugepages.mount                    static
dev-mqueue.mount                       static
mnt-c3platimages.mount                 generated
mnt-c3platpersistent.mount             generated
mnt-c3platpersistent_rescue.mount      generated
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount          static
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount          static
sys-kernel-config.mount                static
sys-kernel-debug.mount                 static
systemd-ask-password-console.path      static
systemd-ask-password-wall.path         static
apt-daily-upgrade.service              static
apt-daily.service                      static
autovt@.service                        enabled
avahi-daemon.service                   enabled
avahi-dnsconfd.service                 enabled
bluetooth.service                      enabled
bootlogd.service                       masked
bootlogs.service                       masked
bootmisc.service                       masked
checkfs.service                        masked
checkroot-bootclean.service            masked
checkroot.service                      masked
console-getty.service                  disabled
container-getty@.service               static
cron.service                           enabled
cryptdisks-early.service               masked
cryptdisks.service                     masked
dbus-org.bluez.service                 enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service     enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service static
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service   static
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service    static
dbus-org.freedesktop.network1.service  enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service  enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service static
dbus.service                           static
debug-shell.service                    disabled
dnsmasq.service                        disabled
eeprom_handler.service                 enabled
emergency.service                      static
eth0-secondary.service                 enabled
fuse.service                           masked
getty-static.service                   static
getty@.service                         enabled
gpsd.service                           indirect
gpsdctl@.service                       static
halt.service                           masked
hostapd.service                        generated
hostname.service                       masked
hwclock.service                        masked
i2c.service                            enabled
ifup@.service                          static
inetd.service                          enabled
initrd-cleanup.service                 static
initrd-parse-etc.service               static
initrd-switch-root.service             static
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service      static
kapsch-devel.service                   disabled
kapsch.service                         enabled
killprocs.service                      masked
kmod-static-nodes.service              static
kmod.service                           static
leo.service                            enabled
lm-sensors.service                     enabled
module-init-tools.service              static
motd.service                           masked
mountall-bootclean.service             masked
mountall.service                       masked
mountdevsubfs.service                  masked
mountkernfs.service                    masked
mountnfs-bootclean.service             masked
mountnfs.service                       masked
nagios-nrpe-server.service             disabled
networking.service                     enabled
ntp.orig.service                       generated
ntp.service                            generated
openbsd-inetd.service                  enabled
pcscd.service                          indirect
pppd-dns.service                       enabled
procps.service                         static
pure-ftpd.service                      generated
quotaon.service                        static
rc-local.service                       static
rc.local.service                       static
rc.service                             masked
rcS.service                            masked
reboot.service                         masked
rescue.service                         static
rmnologin.service                      masked
rrdcached.service                      generated
rsyslog.service                        masked
screen-cleanup.service                 masked
sendsigs.service                       masked
serial-getty@.service                  disabled
single.service                         masked
slapd.service                          generated
smartd.service                         enabled
smartmontools.service                  enabled
snmpd.service                          disabled
ssh.service                            enabled
ssh@.service                           static
sshd.service                           enabled
stop-bootlogd-single.service           masked
stop-bootlogd.service                  masked
sudo.service                           disabled
syslog-ng.service                      enabled
syslog.service                         masked
sysstat.service                        generated
systemd-ask-password-console.service   static
systemd-ask-password-wall.service      static
systemd-backlight@.service             static
systemd-binfmt.service                 static
systemd-exit.service                   static
systemd-fsck-root.service              static
systemd-fsck@.service                  static
systemd-fsckd.service                  static
systemd-halt.service                   static
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service      static
systemd-hibernate.service              static
systemd-hostnamed.service              static
systemd-fsck-root.service              static
systemd-fsck@.service                  static
systemd-fsckd.service                  static
systemd-halt.service                   static
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service      static
systemd-hibernate.service              static
systemd-hostnamed.service              static
systemd-hwdb-update.service            static
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service           static
systemd-initctl.service                static
systemd-journal-flush.service          static
systemd-journald.service               static
systemd-kexec.service                  static
systemd-localed.service                static
systemd-logind.service                 static
systemd-machine-id-commit.service      static
systemd-modules-load.service           static
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service   disabled
systemd-networkd.service               enabled
systemd-poweroff.service               static
systemd-quotacheck.service             static
systemd-random-seed.service            static
systemd-reboot.service                 static
systemd-remount-fs.service             static
systemd-resolved.service               enabled
systemd-rfkill.service                 static
systemd-suspend.service                static
systemd-sysctl.service                 static
systemd-timedated.service              static
systemd-timesyncd.service              enabled
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service         static
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service     static
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service         static
systemd-udev-settle.service            static
systemd-udev-trigger.service           static
systemd-udevd.service                  static
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service   static
systemd-update-utmp.service            static
systemd-user-sessions.service          static
udev.service                           static
umountfs.service                       masked
umountnfs.service                      masked
umountroot.service                     masked
urandom.service                        static
user@.service                          static
watchdog.service                       enabled
wd_keepalive.service                   static
wpa_supplicant.service                 disabled
wpa_supplicant@.service                disabled
x11-common.service                     masked
machine.slice                          static
system.slice                           static
user.slice                             static
avahi-daemon.socket                    enabled
dbus.socket                            static
gpsd.socket                            disabled
pcscd.socket                           enabled
ssh.socket                             disabled
syslog.socket                          static
systemd-fsckd.socket                   static
systemd-initctl.socket                 static
systemd-journald-audit.socket          static
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket        static
systemd-journald.socket                static
systemd-networkd.socket                enabled
systemd-rfkill.socket                  static
systemd-udevd-control.socket           static
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket            static
basic.target                           static
bluetooth.target                       static
busnames.target                        static
cryptsetup-pre.target                  static
cryptsetup.target                      static
ctrl-alt-del.target                    disabled
default.target                         static
emergency.target                       static
exit.target                            disabled
final.target                           static
getty.target                           static
graphical.target                       static
halt.target                            disabled
hibernate.target                       static
hybrid-sleep.target                    static
initrd-fs.target                       static
initrd-root-device.target              static
initrd-root-fs.target                  static
initrd-switch-root.target              static
initrd.target                          static
cryptsetup.target                      static
ctrl-alt-del.target                    disabled
default.target                         static
emergency.target                       static
exit.target                            disabled
final.target                           static
getty.target                           static
graphical.target                       static
halt.target                            disabled
hibernate.target                       static
hybrid-sleep.target                    static
initrd-fs.target                       static
initrd-root-device.target              static
initrd-root-fs.target                  static
initrd-switch-root.target              static
initrd.target                          static
kexec.target                           disabled
local-fs-pre.target                    static
local-fs.target                        static
multi-user.target                      static
network-online.target                  static
network-pre.target                     static
network.target                         static
nss-lookup.target                      static
nss-user-lookup.target                 static
paths.target                           static
poweroff.target                        disabled
printer.target                         static
reboot.target                          disabled
remote-fs-pre.target                   static
remote-fs.target                       enabled
rescue.target                          disabled
rpcbind.target                         static
runlevel0.target                       disabled
runlevel1.target                       disabled
runlevel2.target                       static
runlevel3.target                       static
runlevel4.target                       static
runlevel5.target                       static
runlevel6.target                       disabled
shutdown.target                        static
sigpwr.target                          static
sleep.target                           static
slices.target                          static
smartcard.target                       static
sockets.target                         static
sound.target                           static
suspend.target                         static
swap.target                            static
sysinit.target                         static
remote-fs.target                       enabled
rescue.target                          disabled
rpcbind.target                         static
runlevel0.target                       disabled
runlevel1.target                       disabled
runlevel2.target                       static
runlevel3.target                       static
runlevel4.target                       static
runlevel5.target                       static
runlevel6.target                       disabled
shutdown.target                        static
sigpwr.target                          static
sleep.target                           static
slices.target                          static
smartcard.target                       static
sockets.target                         static
sound.target                           static
suspend.target                         static
swap.target                            static
sysinit.target                         static
system-update.target                   static
time-sync.target                       static
timers.target                          static
umount.target                          static
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                enabled
apt-daily.timer                        enabled
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer           static

244 unit files listed.

13: cw-mon-txb: <NOARP,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 2500 qdisc noqueue state UNKNOWN mode DEFAULT group default qlen 1
    link/ieee802.11/radiotap be:4b:08:3c:9d:5d brd ff:ff:ff:ff:ff:ff
14: cw-mon-rxb: <NOARP,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 2500 qdisc noqueue state UNKNOWN mode DEFAULT group default qlen 1
    link/ieee802.11/radiotap e2:56:7f:fd:20:39 brd ff:ff:ff:ff:ff:ff
7: cw-mon-txa: <NOARP,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 2500 qdisc noqueue state UNKNOWN mode DEFAULT group default qlen 1
    link/ieee802.11/radiotap de:90:ba:7d:d1:13 brd ff:ff:ff:ff:ff:ff
8: cw-mon-rxa: <NOARP,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 2500 qdisc noqueue state UNKNOWN mode DEFAULT group default qlen 1
    link/ieee802.11/radiotap 7a:cf:49:df:cc:45 brd ff:ff:ff:ff:ff:ff
4: cw-llc: <POINTOPOINT,MULTICAST,NOARP,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 2400 qdisc noqueue state UNKNOWN mode DEFAULT group default qlen 1
    link/none 82:e1:62:2e:b7:94 peer ff:ff:ff:ff:ff:ff
21: wave1: <BROADCAST,MULTICAST,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 1500 qdisc pfifo_fast state UP mode DEFAULT group default qlen 1000
    link/ether 1e:ad:9b:19:05:b1 brd ff:ff:ff:ff:ff:ff

tcpdump -v -i cw-mon-txa -w /home/kapsch/microSD/jansniff/txa_dsrc_capture4.pcap &
tcpdump -v -i cw-mon-txb -w /home/kapsch/microSD/jansniff/txb_dsrc_capture4.pcap &
tcpdump -v -i cw-mon-rxa -w /home/kapsch/microSD/jansniff/rxa_dsrc_capture4.pcap &
tcpdump -v -i cw-mon-rxb -w /home/kapsch/microSD/jansniff/rxb_dsrc_capture4.pcap &
tcpdump -v -i cw-llc -w /home/kapsch/microSD/jansniff/cwllc_dsrc_capture4.pcap &
tcpdump -v -i wave1 -w /home/kapsch/microSD/jansniff/wave1_dsrc_capture4.pcap &